docs/data_sources.md, before:

# Data Sources

## peekaping_monitor

Retrieves information about a Peekaping monitor.

### Example

```hcl
data "peekaping_monitor" "api" {
  name = "My API"
}

# Or by ID
data "peekaping_monitor" "api_by_id" {
  id = "60c72b2f9b1e8b6f1f8e4b1a"
}
```

### Attributes

- `id` - Monitor ID.
- `name` - Name of the monitor.
- `type` - Monitor type.
- `config` - Monitor configuration.

## peekaping_notification

Retrieves information about a Peekaping notification channel.

### Example

```hcl
data "peekaping_notification" "email" {
  name = "Email Alerts"
}

# Or by ID
data "peekaping_notification" "email_by_id" {
  id = "60c72b2f9b1e8b6f1f8e4b1a"
}
```

### Attributes

- `id` - Notification channel ID.
- `name` - Name of the notification channel.
- `type` - Notification type.
- `config` - Notification configuration.

## peekaping_tag

Retrieves information about a Peekaping tag.

### Example

```hcl
data "peekaping_tag" "production" {
  name = "production"
}

# Or by ID
data "peekaping_tag" "prod_by_id" {
  id = "60c72b2f9b1e8b6f1f8e4b1a"
}
```

### Attributes

- `id` - Tag ID.
- `name` - Name of the tag.
- `color` - Tag color.

## peekaping_maintenance

Retrieves information about a Peekaping maintenance window.

### Example

```hcl
data "peekaping_maintenance" "weekly" {
  title = "Weekly Maintenance"
}

# Or by ID
data "peekaping_maintenance" "weekly_by_id" {
  id = "60c72b2f9b1e8b6f1f8e4b1a"
}
```

### Attributes

- `id` - Maintenance window ID.
- `title` - Title of the maintenance window.
- `strategy` - Maintenance strategy.
- `active` - Whether the maintenance window is active.

## peekaping_status_page

Retrieves information about a Peekaping status page.

### Example

```hcl
data "peekaping_status_page" "public" {
  title = "Service Status"
}

# Or by ID
data "peekaping_status_page" "public_by_id" {
  id = "60c72b2f9b1e8b6f1f8e4b1a"
}

# Or by slug
data "peekaping_status_page" "public_by_slug" {
  slug = "status"
}
```

### Attributes

- `id` - Status page ID.
- `title` - Title of the status page.
- `slug` - URL slug for the status page.
- `domain` - Custom domain for the status page.

Commit message:

chore: update documentation and GoReleaser configuration
Enhanced the GoReleaser configuration in .goreleaser.yml to include additional files in the archive, such as README.md, LICENSE, CHANGELOG.md, and directories for docs and examples. Updated documentation files to include metadata for better clarity and organization, specifically in data_sources.md, index.md, and resources.md.

docs/data_sources.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Sources"
description: |-
  This page documents all the data sources supported by the Peekaping Terraform provider.
---

# Data Sources

## peekaping_monitor

Retrieves information about a Peekaping monitor.

### Example

```hcl
data "peekaping_monitor" "api" {
  name = "My API"
}

# Or by ID
data "peekaping_monitor" "api_by_id" {
  id = "60c72b2f9b1e8b6f1f8e4b1a"
}
```

### Attributes

- `id` - Monitor ID.
- `name` - Name of the monitor.
- `type` - Monitor type.
- `config` - Monitor configuration.

## peekaping_notification

Retrieves information about a Peekaping notification channel.

### Example

```hcl
data "peekaping_notification" "email" {
  name = "Email Alerts"
}

# Or by ID
data "peekaping_notification" "email_by_id" {
  id = "60c72b2f9b1e8b6f1f8e4b1a"
}
```

### Attributes

- `id` - Notification channel ID.
- `name` - Name of the notification channel.
- `type` - Notification type.
- `config` - Notification configuration.

## peekaping_tag

Retrieves information about a Peekaping tag.

### Example

```hcl
data "peekaping_tag" "production" {
  name = "production"
}

# Or by ID
data "peekaping_tag" "prod_by_id" {
  id = "60c72b2f9b1e8b6f1f8e4b1a"
}
```

### Attributes

- `id` - Tag ID.
- `name` - Name of the tag.
- `color` - Tag color.

## peekaping_maintenance

Retrieves information about a Peekaping maintenance window.

### Example

```hcl
data "peekaping_maintenance" "weekly" {
  title = "Weekly Maintenance"
}

# Or by ID
data "peekaping_maintenance" "weekly_by_id" {
  id = "60c72b2f9b1e8b6f1f8e4b1a"
}
```

### Attributes

- `id` - Maintenance window ID.
- `title` - Title of the maintenance window.
- `strategy` - Maintenance strategy.
- `active` - Whether the maintenance window is active.

## peekaping_status_page

Retrieves information about a Peekaping status page.

### Example

```hcl
data "peekaping_status_page" "public" {
  title = "Service Status"
}

# Or by ID
data "peekaping_status_page" "public_by_id" {
  id = "60c72b2f9b1e8b6f1f8e4b1a"
}

# Or by slug
data "peekaping_status_page" "public_by_slug" {
  slug = "status"
}
```

### Attributes

- `id` - Status page ID.
- `title` - Title of the status page.
- `slug` - URL slug for the status page.
- `domain` - Custom domain for the status page.
