docs/provider.md, before:

# Provider Configuration

The Peekaping provider is used to interact with the Peekaping monitoring API. The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

## Example Usage

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {
  endpoint = "https://api.peekaping.com"
  email    = "your-email@example.com"
  password = "your-password"
  token    = "your-2fa-token"  # Optional
}
```

## Configuration Reference

### Required Arguments

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `email` | Email address for Peekaping account login | `string` |
| `password` | Password for Peekaping account login | `string` |

### Optional Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Default |
|------|-------------|------|---------|
| `endpoint` | Base URL of the Peekaping server | `string` | `"https://api.peekaping.com"` |
| `token` | 2FA token for login (if 2FA is enabled) | `string` | `null` |

## Environment Variables

The provider can be configured using environment variables instead of provider arguments:

| Environment Variable | Description | Corresponding Argument |
|---------------------|-------------|----------------------|
| `PEEKAPING_ENDPOINT` | Base URL of the Peekaping server | `endpoint` |
| `PEEKAPING_EMAIL` | Email address for login | `email` |
| `PEEKAPING_PASSWORD` | Password for login | `password` |
| `PEEKAPING_TOKEN` | 2FA token for login | `token` |

## Authentication

The provider supports two authentication methods:

### 1. Email and Password

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {
  email    = "your-email@example.com"
  password = "your-password"
}
```

### 2. Email, Password, and 2FA Token

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {
  email    = "your-email@example.com"
  password = "your-password"
  token    = "your-2fa-token"
}
```

## Configuration Examples

### Basic Configuration

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    peekaping = {
      source  = "tafaust/peekaping"
      version = "~> 0.0.1"
    }
  }
}

provider "peekaping" {
  email    = "admin@example.com"
  password = "secure-password"
}
```

### Custom Endpoint

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {
  endpoint = "https://monitoring.example.com"
  email    = "admin@example.com"
  password = "secure-password"
}
```

### With 2FA

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {
  endpoint = "https://api.peekaping.com"
  email    = "admin@example.com"
  password = "secure-password"
  token    = "123456"  # 2FA token
}
```

### Using Environment Variables

```bash
export PEEKAPING_EMAIL="admin@example.com"
export PEEKAPING_PASSWORD="secure-password"
export PEEKAPING_TOKEN="123456"  # Optional
```

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {}
```

## Security Considerations

- **Sensitive Data**: The `password` and `token` arguments are marked as sensitive and will not be displayed in logs
- **Environment Variables**: Use environment variables for sensitive data in CI/CD pipelines
- **State Files**: Sensitive data is not stored in Terraform state files
- **2FA**: Enable 2FA on your Peekaping account for enhanced security

## Troubleshooting

### Authentication Issues

If you encounter authentication errors:

1. **Verify Credentials**: Ensure your email and password are correct
2. **Check 2FA**: If 2FA is enabled, provide the `token` argument
3. **Endpoint**: Verify the `endpoint` URL is correct and accessible
4. **Network**: Check network connectivity to the Peekaping API

### Common Error Messages

- `"authentication failed"`: Invalid email/password combination
- `"2FA required"`: Account has 2FA enabled, provide `token` argument
- `"connection refused"`: Check `endpoint` URL and network connectivity
- `"unauthorized"`: Invalid or expired credentials

## Best Practices

1. **Use Environment Variables**: Store sensitive data in environment variables
2. **Version Pinning**: Pin the provider version to avoid unexpected changes
3. **Separate Environments**: Use different provider configurations for different environments
4. **Secure Storage**: Store sensitive data securely (e.g., using Terraform Cloud variables)

## Migration from Other Providers

If you're migrating from other monitoring providers:

1. **Export Configuration**: Export your current monitoring configuration
2. **Map Resources**: Map existing resources to Peekaping resource types
3. **Test Configuration**: Test the configuration in a non-production environment
4. **Gradual Migration**: Migrate resources gradually to minimize disruption

Commit message:

chore: update GoReleaser configuration and GitHub Actions workflow
Enhanced the GoReleaser configuration in .goreleaser.yml to include additional build parameters, archive files, and improved release notes. Updated the GitHub Actions workflow to streamline the release process using GoReleaser, ensuring proper permissions and Go version setup. Added metadata to provider documentation for better clarity.

docs/provider.md, after:

---
page_title: "Provider: Peekaping"
description: |-
  The Peekaping provider is used to interact with the Peekaping monitoring API.
---

# Provider Configuration

The Peekaping provider is used to interact with the Peekaping monitoring API. The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

## Example Usage

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {
  endpoint = "https://api.peekaping.com"
  email    = "your-email@example.com"
  password = "your-password"
  token    = "your-2fa-token"  # Optional
}
```

## Configuration Reference

### Required Arguments

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `email` | Email address for Peekaping account login | `string` |
| `password` | Password for Peekaping account login | `string` |

### Optional Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Default |
|------|-------------|------|---------|
| `endpoint` | Base URL of the Peekaping server | `string` | `"https://api.peekaping.com"` |
| `token` | 2FA token for login (if 2FA is enabled) | `string` | `null` |

## Environment Variables

The provider can be configured using environment variables instead of provider arguments:

| Environment Variable | Description | Corresponding Argument |
|---------------------|-------------|----------------------|
| `PEEKAPING_ENDPOINT` | Base URL of the Peekaping server | `endpoint` |
| `PEEKAPING_EMAIL` | Email address for login | `email` |
| `PEEKAPING_PASSWORD` | Password for login | `password` |
| `PEEKAPING_TOKEN` | 2FA token for login | `token` |

## Authentication

The provider supports two authentication methods:

### 1. Email and Password

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {
  email    = "your-email@example.com"
  password = "your-password"
}
```

### 2. Email, Password, and 2FA Token

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {
  email    = "your-email@example.com"
  password = "your-password"
  token    = "your-2fa-token"
}
```

## Configuration Examples

### Basic Configuration

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    peekaping = {
      source  = "tafaust/peekaping"
      version = "~> 0.0.1"
    }
  }
}

provider "peekaping" {
  email    = "admin@example.com"
  password = "secure-password"
}
```

### Custom Endpoint

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {
  endpoint = "https://monitoring.example.com"
  email    = "admin@example.com"
  password = "secure-password"
}
```

### With 2FA

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {
  endpoint = "https://api.peekaping.com"
  email    = "admin@example.com"
  password = "secure-password"
  token    = "123456"  # 2FA token
}
```

### Using Environment Variables

```bash
export PEEKAPING_EMAIL="admin@example.com"
export PEEKAPING_PASSWORD="secure-password"
export PEEKAPING_TOKEN="123456"  # Optional
```

```hcl
provider "peekaping" {}
```

## Security Considerations

- **Sensitive Data**: The `password` and `token` arguments are marked as sensitive and will not be displayed in logs
- **Environment Variables**: Use environment variables for sensitive data in CI/CD pipelines
- **State Files**: Sensitive data is not stored in Terraform state files
- **2FA**: Enable 2FA on your Peekaping account for enhanced security

## Troubleshooting

### Authentication Issues

If you encounter authentication errors:

1. **Verify Credentials**: Ensure your email and password are correct
2. **Check 2FA**: If 2FA is enabled, provide the `token` argument
3. **Endpoint**: Verify the `endpoint` URL is correct and accessible
4. **Network**: Check network connectivity to the Peekaping API

### Common Error Messages

- `"authentication failed"`: Invalid email/password combination
- `"2FA required"`: Account has 2FA enabled, provide `token` argument
- `"connection refused"`: Check `endpoint` URL and network connectivity
- `"unauthorized"`: Invalid or expired credentials

## Best Practices

1. **Use Environment Variables**: Store sensitive data in environment variables
2. **Version Pinning**: Pin the provider version to avoid unexpected changes
3. **Separate Environments**: Use different provider configurations for different environments
4. **Secure Storage**: Store sensitive data securely (e.g., using Terraform Cloud variables)

## Migration from Other Providers

If you're migrating from other monitoring providers:

1. **Export Configuration**: Export your current monitoring configuration
2. **Map Resources**: Map existing resources to Peekaping resource types
3. **Test Configuration**: Test the configuration in a non-production environment
4. **Gradual Migration**: Migrate resources gradually to minimize disruption
