docs/resources.md, before:

# Resources

This page documents all the resources supported by the Peekaping Terraform provider.

## peekaping_monitor

Creates and manages monitoring checks for various services and endpoints.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_monitor" "website" {
  name = "Website Homepage"
  type = "http"
  config = jsonencode({
    url = "https://example.com"
  })
  interval = 60
  timeout  = 30
  active   = true
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `name` | Monitor name | `string` | yes |
| `type` | Monitor type | `string` | yes |
| `config` | Monitor configuration (JSON) | `string` | yes |
| `interval` | Check interval in seconds | `number` | no |
| `timeout` | Check timeout in seconds | `number` | no |
| `max_retries` | Maximum retries before marking as down | `number` | no |
| `retry_interval` | Retry interval in seconds | `number` | no |
| `resend_interval` | Resend notification if down X times consecutively | `number` | no |
| `active` | Whether the monitor is active | `bool` | no |
| `proxy_id` | Proxy ID for the monitor | `string` | no |
| `push_token` | Push token for push monitors | `string` | no |
| `notification_ids` | List of notification channel IDs | `list(string)` | no |
| `tag_ids` | List of tag IDs | `list(string)` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Monitor ID | `string` |
| `status` | Monitor status (0=down, 1=up, 2=pending, 3=maintenance) | `number` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

### Monitor Types

- `http` - HTTP/HTTPS monitoring
- `http-keyword` - HTTP monitoring with keyword detection
- `http-json-query` - HTTP monitoring with JSON query
- `tcp` - TCP connection monitoring
- `ping` - ICMP ping monitoring
- `dns` - DNS resolution monitoring
- `push` - Push-based monitoring
- `docker` - Docker container monitoring
- `grpc-keyword` - gRPC monitoring with keyword detection
- `snmp` - SNMP monitoring
- `mongodb` - MongoDB monitoring
- `mysql` - MySQL monitoring
- `postgres` - PostgreSQL monitoring
- `sqlserver` - SQL Server monitoring
- `redis` - Redis monitoring
- `mqtt` - MQTT monitoring
- `rabbitmq` - RabbitMQ monitoring
- `kafka-producer` - Kafka producer monitoring

## peekaping_notification

Creates and manages notification channels for alerts.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_notification" "email_alerts" {
  name = "Email Alerts"
  type = "email"
  config = jsonencode({
    smtp_host = "smtp.example.com"
    smtp_port = 587
    username  = "alerts@example.com"
    password  = "password"
    from      = "alerts@example.com"
    to        = ["admin@example.com"]
  })
  is_default = true
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `name` | Notification name | `string` | yes |
| `type` | Notification type | `string` | yes |
| `config` | Notification configuration (JSON) | `string` | yes |
| `is_default` | Whether this is the default notification | `bool` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Notification ID | `string` |
| `active` | Whether the notification is active | `bool` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

### Notification Types

- `email` - Email notifications via SMTP
- `webhook` - Webhook notifications
- `slack` - Slack notifications
- `discord` - Discord notifications
- `telegram` - Telegram notifications
- `teams` - Microsoft Teams notifications

## peekaping_tag

Creates and manages tags for organizing monitors.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_tag" "production" {
  name        = "Production"
  color       = "#3B82F6"
  description = "Production environment monitors"
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `name` | Tag name | `string` | yes |
| `color` | Tag color (hex code) | `string` | no |
| `description` | Tag description | `string` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Tag ID | `string` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

## peekaping_proxy

Creates and manages HTTP/HTTPS proxies for monitoring.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_proxy" "monitoring_proxy" {
  host     = "proxy.example.com"
  port     = 8080
  protocol = "http"
  auth     = true
  username = "proxy_user"
  password = "proxy_password"
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `host` | Proxy hostname | `string` | yes |
| `port` | Proxy port | `number` | yes |
| `protocol` | Proxy protocol (http/https) | `string` | yes |
| `auth` | Enable proxy authentication | `bool` | no |
| `username` | Proxy username (required if auth=true) | `string` | no |
| `password` | Proxy password (required if auth=true) | `string` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Proxy ID | `string` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

## peekaping_maintenance

Creates and manages maintenance windows.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_maintenance" "scheduled_maintenance" {
  title           = "Scheduled Maintenance"
  description     = "Regular maintenance window"
  strategy        = "once"
  monitor_ids     = [peekaping_monitor.api_health.id]
  start_date_time = "2024-12-25T02:00:00Z"
  end_date_time   = "2024-12-25T04:00:00Z"
  timezone        = "UTC"
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `title` | Maintenance title | `string` | yes |
| `description` | Maintenance description | `string` | no |
| `strategy` | Maintenance strategy (once/recurring) | `string` | yes |
| `monitor_ids` | List of monitor IDs | `list(string)` | no |
| `start_date_time` | Start date and time (ISO 8601) | `string` | no |
| `end_date_time` | End date and time (ISO 8601) | `string` | no |
| `weekdays` | Weekdays for recurring maintenance (0=Sunday) | `list(number)` | no |
| `start_time` | Start time for recurring maintenance (HH:MM) | `string` | no |
| `end_time` | End time for recurring maintenance (HH:MM) | `string` | no |
| `timezone` | Timezone for maintenance | `string` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Maintenance ID | `string` |
| `active` | Whether the maintenance is active | `bool` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

## peekaping_status_page

Creates and manages public status pages.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_status_page" "public_status" {
  title       = "Service Status"
  description = "Public status page for our services"
  slug        = "status"
  monitor_ids = [
    peekaping_monitor.api_health.id,
    peekaping_monitor.website.id
  ]
  published               = true
  theme                   = "default"
  footer_text             = "© 2024 Example Company"
  custom_css              = ".status-page { font-family: Arial, sans-serif; }"
  google_analytics_tag_id = "GA-XXXXXXXXX"
  auto_refresh_interval   = 30
  search_engine_index     = true
  show_certificate_expiry = true
  show_powered_by         = false
  show_tags               = true
  password                = "status-page-password"
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `title` | Status page title | `string` | yes |
| `description` | Status page description | `string` | no |
| `slug` | Status page slug (URL-friendly) | `string` | yes |
| `monitor_ids` | List of monitor IDs to display | `list(string)` | no |
| `published` | Whether the status page is published | `bool` | no |
| `theme` | Status page theme | `string` | no |
| `icon` | Status page icon URL | `string` | no |
| `footer_text` | Footer text | `string` | no |
| `custom_css` | Custom CSS | `string` | no |
| `google_analytics_tag_id` | Google Analytics tracking ID | `string` | no |
| `auto_refresh_interval` | Auto-refresh interval in seconds | `number` | no |
| `search_engine_index` | Allow search engine indexing | `bool` | no |
| `show_certificate_expiry` | Show certificate expiry | `bool` | no |
| `show_powered_by` | Show "Powered by Peekaping" | `bool` | no |
| `show_tags` | Show monitor tags | `bool` | no |
| `password` | Status page password | `string` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Status page ID | `string` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

## Data Sources

### peekaping_monitor

Retrieves information about an existing monitor.

#### Example Usage

```hcl
data "peekaping_monitor" "existing" {
  id = "monitor-id-here"
}
```

#### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `id` | Monitor ID | `string` | yes |

#### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `name` | Monitor name | `string` |
| `type` | Monitor type | `string` |
| `config` | Monitor configuration | `string` |
| `interval` | Check interval | `number` |
| `timeout` | Check timeout | `number` |
| `max_retries` | Maximum retries | `number` |
| `retry_interval` | Retry interval | `number` |
| `resend_interval` | Resend interval | `number` |
| `active` | Whether active | `bool` |
| `proxy_id` | Proxy ID | `string` |
| `push_token` | Push token | `string` |
| `notification_ids` | Notification IDs | `list(string)` |
| `tag_ids` | Tag IDs | `list(string)` |
| `status` | Monitor status | `number` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

Commit message:

chore: update documentation and GoReleaser configuration
Enhanced the GoReleaser configuration in .goreleaser.yml to include additional files in the archive, such as README.md, LICENSE, CHANGELOG.md, and directories for docs and examples. Updated documentation files to include metadata for better clarity and organization, specifically in data_sources.md, index.md, and resources.md.

docs/resources.md, after:

---
page_title: "Resources"
description: |-
  This page documents all the resources supported by the Peekaping Terraform provider.
---

# Resources

This page documents all the resources supported by the Peekaping Terraform provider.

## peekaping_monitor

Creates and manages monitoring checks for various services and endpoints.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_monitor" "website" {
  name = "Website Homepage"
  type = "http"
  config = jsonencode({
    url = "https://example.com"
  })
  interval = 60
  timeout  = 30
  active   = true
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `name` | Monitor name | `string` | yes |
| `type` | Monitor type | `string` | yes |
| `config` | Monitor configuration (JSON) | `string` | yes |
| `interval` | Check interval in seconds | `number` | no |
| `timeout` | Check timeout in seconds | `number` | no |
| `max_retries` | Maximum retries before marking as down | `number` | no |
| `retry_interval` | Retry interval in seconds | `number` | no |
| `resend_interval` | Resend notification if down X times consecutively | `number` | no |
| `active` | Whether the monitor is active | `bool` | no |
| `proxy_id` | Proxy ID for the monitor | `string` | no |
| `push_token` | Push token for push monitors | `string` | no |
| `notification_ids` | List of notification channel IDs | `list(string)` | no |
| `tag_ids` | List of tag IDs | `list(string)` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Monitor ID | `string` |
| `status` | Monitor status (0=down, 1=up, 2=pending, 3=maintenance) | `number` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

### Monitor Types

- `http` - HTTP/HTTPS monitoring
- `http-keyword` - HTTP monitoring with keyword detection
- `http-json-query` - HTTP monitoring with JSON query
- `tcp` - TCP connection monitoring
- `ping` - ICMP ping monitoring
- `dns` - DNS resolution monitoring
- `push` - Push-based monitoring
- `docker` - Docker container monitoring
- `grpc-keyword` - gRPC monitoring with keyword detection
- `snmp` - SNMP monitoring
- `mongodb` - MongoDB monitoring
- `mysql` - MySQL monitoring
- `postgres` - PostgreSQL monitoring
- `sqlserver` - SQL Server monitoring
- `redis` - Redis monitoring
- `mqtt` - MQTT monitoring
- `rabbitmq` - RabbitMQ monitoring
- `kafka-producer` - Kafka producer monitoring

## peekaping_notification

Creates and manages notification channels for alerts.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_notification" "email_alerts" {
  name = "Email Alerts"
  type = "email"
  config = jsonencode({
    smtp_host = "smtp.example.com"
    smtp_port = 587
    username  = "alerts@example.com"
    password  = "password"
    from      = "alerts@example.com"
    to        = ["admin@example.com"]
  })
  is_default = true
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `name` | Notification name | `string` | yes |
| `type` | Notification type | `string` | yes |
| `config` | Notification configuration (JSON) | `string` | yes |
| `is_default` | Whether this is the default notification | `bool` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Notification ID | `string` |
| `active` | Whether the notification is active | `bool` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

### Notification Types

- `email` - Email notifications via SMTP
- `webhook` - Webhook notifications
- `slack` - Slack notifications
- `discord` - Discord notifications
- `telegram` - Telegram notifications
- `teams` - Microsoft Teams notifications

## peekaping_tag

Creates and manages tags for organizing monitors.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_tag" "production" {
  name        = "Production"
  color       = "#3B82F6"
  description = "Production environment monitors"
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `name` | Tag name | `string` | yes |
| `color` | Tag color (hex code) | `string` | no |
| `description` | Tag description | `string` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Tag ID | `string` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

## peekaping_proxy

Creates and manages HTTP/HTTPS proxies for monitoring.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_proxy" "monitoring_proxy" {
  host     = "proxy.example.com"
  port     = 8080
  protocol = "http"
  auth     = true
  username = "proxy_user"
  password = "proxy_password"
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `host` | Proxy hostname | `string` | yes |
| `port` | Proxy port | `number` | yes |
| `protocol` | Proxy protocol (http/https) | `string` | yes |
| `auth` | Enable proxy authentication | `bool` | no |
| `username` | Proxy username (required if auth=true) | `string` | no |
| `password` | Proxy password (required if auth=true) | `string` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Proxy ID | `string` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

## peekaping_maintenance

Creates and manages maintenance windows.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_maintenance" "scheduled_maintenance" {
  title           = "Scheduled Maintenance"
  description     = "Regular maintenance window"
  strategy        = "once"
  monitor_ids     = [peekaping_monitor.api_health.id]
  start_date_time = "2024-12-25T02:00:00Z"
  end_date_time   = "2024-12-25T04:00:00Z"
  timezone        = "UTC"
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `title` | Maintenance title | `string` | yes |
| `description` | Maintenance description | `string` | no |
| `strategy` | Maintenance strategy (once/recurring) | `string` | yes |
| `monitor_ids` | List of monitor IDs | `list(string)` | no |
| `start_date_time` | Start date and time (ISO 8601) | `string` | no |
| `end_date_time` | End date and time (ISO 8601) | `string` | no |
| `weekdays` | Weekdays for recurring maintenance (0=Sunday) | `list(number)` | no |
| `start_time` | Start time for recurring maintenance (HH:MM) | `string` | no |
| `end_time` | End time for recurring maintenance (HH:MM) | `string` | no |
| `timezone` | Timezone for maintenance | `string` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Maintenance ID | `string` |
| `active` | Whether the maintenance is active | `bool` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

## peekaping_status_page

Creates and manages public status pages.

### Example Usage

```hcl
resource "peekaping_status_page" "public_status" {
  title       = "Service Status"
  description = "Public status page for our services"
  slug        = "status"
  monitor_ids = [
    peekaping_monitor.api_health.id,
    peekaping_monitor.website.id
  ]
  published               = true
  theme                   = "default"
  footer_text             = "© 2024 Example Company"
  custom_css              = ".status-page { font-family: Arial, sans-serif; }"
  google_analytics_tag_id = "GA-XXXXXXXXX"
  auto_refresh_interval   = 30
  search_engine_index     = true
  show_certificate_expiry = true
  show_powered_by         = false
  show_tags               = true
  password                = "status-page-password"
}
```

### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `title` | Status page title | `string` | yes |
| `description` | Status page description | `string` | no |
| `slug` | Status page slug (URL-friendly) | `string` | yes |
| `monitor_ids` | List of monitor IDs to display | `list(string)` | no |
| `published` | Whether the status page is published | `bool` | no |
| `theme` | Status page theme | `string` | no |
| `icon` | Status page icon URL | `string` | no |
| `footer_text` | Footer text | `string` | no |
| `custom_css` | Custom CSS | `string` | no |
| `google_analytics_tag_id` | Google Analytics tracking ID | `string` | no |
| `auto_refresh_interval` | Auto-refresh interval in seconds | `number` | no |
| `search_engine_index` | Allow search engine indexing | `bool` | no |
| `show_certificate_expiry` | Show certificate expiry | `bool` | no |
| `show_powered_by` | Show "Powered by Peekaping" | `bool` | no |
| `show_tags` | Show monitor tags | `bool` | no |
| `password` | Status page password | `string` | no |

### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `id` | Status page ID | `string` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |

## Data Sources

### peekaping_monitor

Retrieves information about an existing monitor.

#### Example Usage

```hcl
data "peekaping_monitor" "existing" {
  id = "monitor-id-here"
}
```

#### Arguments

| Name | Description | Type | Required |
|------|-------------|------|:--------:|
| `id` | Monitor ID | `string` | yes |

#### Attributes

| Name | Description | Type |
|------|-------------|------|
| `name` | Monitor name | `string` |
| `type` | Monitor type | `string` |
| `config` | Monitor configuration | `string` |
| `interval` | Check interval | `number` |
| `timeout` | Check timeout | `number` |
| `max_retries` | Maximum retries | `number` |
| `retry_interval` | Retry interval | `number` |
| `resend_interval` | Resend interval | `number` |
| `active` | Whether active | `bool` |
| `proxy_id` | Proxy ID | `string` |
| `push_token` | Push token | `string` |
| `notification_ids` | Notification IDs | `list(string)` |
| `tag_ids` | Tag IDs | `list(string)` |
| `status` | Monitor status | `number` |
| `created_at` | Creation timestamp | `string` |
| `updated_at` | Last update timestamp | `string` |
